Update changelog for stable (#21073)
Ultimaker/Cura: resources/texts/change_log.txt

* Bugs resolved since the Beta release:
- Improved slicing time on Windows machines making it significantly faster for a number of models
- Introduced Top Surface Extension setting to improve quality of details like text on the top of prints
- Updated traveling directions for monotonic top surface, to reduce traveling and improve part quality
- Fixed a bug where drawing closed shapes would not respect the drawn lines but would close filled shapes
- Introduced a workaround for deprecated face selection methods to remain backwards compatible for plugins
- Multi material settings are now settable per mesh
- Fixed a bug where you had to reslice to see your preview again after saving or sending the model
- Fixed group handling for painting features, and disabled painting for grouped objects because the painting is currently designed to allow painting a single object at once
- Fixed a bug where Cura would crash if you switched to another printer with a painted model
- Fixed a bug where the model and a prime tower could collide when a model was painted
- Fixed a bug where you could paint with an disabled extruder

> - Improved handling of rotating your model when you are in paint on mode

Reviewer: Rotating the model ? This should probably be rotating the view ?

- Updated settings to improve overhang, top/bottom settings on the UltiMaker S6 and S8
- Updated settings to improve the Z seam settings for Factor 4
- Fixed a bug with the translations where French translations had some Italian text in them on the recommended window

> - Fixed a bug where the Makerbot Repicator+ could not start a print with a smart extruder+

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the Makerbot Replicator+ could not start a print with a Smart Extruder+ Tough
```
